sig-packaging (#87)
bytecodealliance/governance: SIGs/sig-packaging/proposal.md

# Proposal to Create SIG-Packaging

This document is a proposal to create SIG-Packaging as a formal Special Interest Group (SIG)
under the auspices of the TSC of the Bytecode Alliance, as specified in the TSC’s charter. 

SIG-Packaging's primary goal is to describe and build packaging tools that improve the
developer distribution experience, for both consumers and publishers, of WebAssembly components.
The tools should help guest and host toolchains integrate WebAssembly components for consuming and
publishing Wasm components. The group should seek to further registry designs
but also create integrations and coordinate with other related packaging efforts.

Key deliverables and areas of focus:

> - Development of `wkg` and `wasm-pkg-tools` for consuming and publishing components to OCI and Warg registries;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Development of shared libraries and common tooling for consuming and publishing components to OCI and Warg registries;
```
